 
 
  
Final Year Project Proposal  
 
 
Title  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Submitted By  
 
Student Name Registration Number 
  
  
 
 
 
Supervisor 
 
Name of Supervisor 
Supervisor’s Designation  
 
 
DEPARTMENT OF SOFTWARE ENGINEERING  
FACULTY OF TELECOMMUNICATION AND INFORMATION 
ENGINEERING 
UNIVERSITY OF ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY 
TAXILA 
 
Month Year
 
i 
 
 
Table of Contents 
 
 
 
 
Chapter 1 
Introduction 
 
 Project Goal           1 
 Aims & Objectives         1 
 Deliverables           1 
 
Chapter 2 
Literature Review         2 
 
 Literature Survey         2 
 Market Survey         2 
 
Chapter 3 
Proposed Solution 
 
           Methodology   3   
           Project time-line   3     
      Experimental/ Simulation Setup   3 
      Details of Work packages completed/milestones achieved   3 
      Evaluation parameters             3 
       
    
Chapter 4 
Work Plan 
 
  Utilization (End users/Beneficiaries)        4 
      Detailed Work Plan   4 
      Budget Requirements   4 
      Market forecasting         4 
 
Chapter 5 
  
 Conclusion          5 
 
References
 
1 
 
      
Formatting Guidelines  
 
Chapter heading in bold, centered and font size 18. All headings and subheadings in 
Arial, font size 14, regular, non-italic, Rest of the text in Arial, font size 12, regular, 
non-italic. The text should be justified. 
 
All figures and tables should have pr oper captions and numbering. Place Figure 
captions on the bottom of figures and table captions on the top. The captions should 
be descriptive. For captions, use font size 10, Arial and center justified.  
 
Aims & Objectives 
 
Write aims and objectives of your proposed project. 
 
Deliverables 
 
Write measurable and tangible deliverables for your proposed project. 
 
Literature Review 
 
Describe in detail the literature review, which you have done for the selection of the 
proposed topic.  This should include the academic r eview from journals, papers, 
books and the market driven review from technical blogs and real market outreach.   
  
Budget Description 
 
Write about budget required for the proposed project. Do mention about that how the 
equipment/experimental setup required will be arranged. E.g., experimental setup is 
present in university or some other organization’s setup will be used or funding is 
required for the execution of proposed research.   
 
    References 
 
Write down references used for the proposal here. Use the format of IEEE journal 
paper references, for research papers, books, and websites, referred.  
           
